Adding MCP call (via HTTP) (#1116)
serverlessworkflow/specification: dsl-reference.md

                text: Generate the Q1 sales report.
```

##### MCP Call

> The [MCP Call](#mcp-call) enables workflows to interact with MCP servers that used by AI agents (https://modelcontextprotocol.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [MCP Call](#mcp-call) enables workflows to interact with MCP servers that are used by AI agents (https://modelcontextprotocol.io/).
```

###### Properties

| Name | Type | Required | Description|
|:--|:---:|:---:|:---|
| method | `string` | `yes` | The MCP JSON-RPC method to send.<br>*Supported values are: `initialize`, `notifications/initialized`, `prompts/list`, `prompts/get`, `notifications/prompts/list_changed`, `resources/list`, `resources/read`, `resources/templates/list`, `notifications/resources/list_changed`, `tools/list`, `tools/call`, `notifications/tools/list_changed`, `logging/setLevel`, and `notifications/message`* |
| server | `string`\|[`endpoint`](#endpoint) | `yes` | An URI or an object that describes the MCP server to call.<br>|

> | parameters | `map` <br> `string` | `no` | The parameters for the MCP RPC method. For the `initialize` method, runtimes must default `protocolVersion` to the used version.<br>*Can be an object or a direct runtime expression.* |

Reviewer: Is `protocolVersion` a required **parameter** if I use `initialize`? If so, can we rephrase?

```suggestion
| parameters | `map` <br> `string` | `no` | The parameters for the MCP RPC method. For the `initialize` method, runtimes must set the `protocolVersion` parameter to the used version.<br>*Can be an object or a runtime expression.* |
```

Also, if the user does not provide it, I understand from your writing that the runtime will append this parameter. It comes from where?

Author: I suggest to support the latest version (i.e., 2025-06-18) or the one before that (2025-03-26).

>
> This call only supports MCP over HTTP transport mechanism and not STDIO (communication over standard in and standard out).

###### Examples

```yaml
document:
  dsl: '1.0.1'
  namespace: test
  name: mcp-example
  version: '0.1.0'
do:
  - GenerateReport:
      call: mcp
      with:
        method: initialize
        server:
          endpoint: https://example.com/mcp
        parameters:
          protocolVersion: '2025-03-26'
          capabilities:
            roots:
              listChanged: true 
          clientInfo:
            name: 'ExampleClient'
            version: '1.0.0'
```

```yaml
document:
  dsl: '1.0.1'
  namespace: test
  name: mcp-example
  version: '0.1.0'
do:
  - GenerateReport:
      call: mcp
      with:
        method: prompts/get
        server:
          endpoint: https://example.com/mcp
        parameters:
          name: "code_review"
          arguments:
            code: "def hello():\n    print('world')"
```

> 

Reviewer: Can you please add a brief sentence explaining each example?
